feat(Keystore): Introduce additional KMSConfiguration options (#270)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: changes/2024-04-08-keystore-discovery/change.md

Author: Issue/Blocking:
The changes file is entirely outdated,
given that kmsMRKeyArn was added,
and now MRDiscovery has been added.

I will try to refactor this over the next week.

Author: Resolved in 83ca2f1

Additionally, ensure a KMS Alias is not permitted as a KMS Key ARN.

## Out of Scope

- Multi-region support for a "non-strict" Keystore
- Administrative/Mutating operations for a Keystore with a KMS Configuration of Discovery;
  these are `VersionKey` & `CreateKey`.
- Lifecycle operations for the Keystore

## Motivation

The (Branch) Keystore and the AWS KMS Hierarchical Keyring
can be used to facilitate Client Side Encryption for
a Multi-tenant environment where each tenant has a unique
[Branch Key](../../framework/structures.md#branch-key-materials).
However, Tenants may want an MPL Consumer to protect
their data with a particular KMS Key that is NOT necessarily the same
as other tenants.

Such a Multi-KMS Keystore is, prior to this change, difficult to use
as a Keystore instance is restricted to one and only one KMS Key ARN.
Many MPL Consumers have developed a work around to this restriction
by constructing and then caching a Keystore per KMS Key ARN.
These MPL Consumers than stand up their own "request-to-Keystore-to-BranchKeyID" logic.
This workaround may require an additional lookup
compared to the normal "Encryption Context determines Branch Key ID"

> path.

Author: Issue: Why did we not consider letting the keyring not just share a CMC?
(on behalf of @seebees )

Author: @seebees 

Wait... this a change to the Keystore, there is no Cache involved.

But even if we did change the Cache in this refactor,
that would not have addressed the issue that users need to provide both a Branch Key ID
AND a KMS Key ARN to use a Branch Key.

So... we did not consider letting the keyring share a CMC because that would not have addressed the issue 
at hand.
Branch Keys SHOULD be accessible via Branch Key ID and Keystore Name alone.
The KMS Key ARN is only needed to create or version Branch Keys.

Author: Resolved in 83ca2f1

- KMS Key ARN
- MRK KMS Key ARN

A "static" Keystore is a Keystore with a KMS Configuration of KMS Key ARN.

### Keystore [DynamoDb Client](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#dynamodb-client)

If the AWS KMS Configuration is "strict",
and no DynamoDb Client is provided,
a new DynamoDb Client MUST be created
with the region of the supplied KMS Key ARN.

If the AWS KMS Configuration is Discovery,
and no DynamoDb Client is provided,
a new DynamoDb Client MUST be created
with the default configuration.

### Keystore [KMS Client](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#kms-client)

If the AWS KMS Configuration is "strict",
and no KMS Client is provided,
a new KMS Client MUST be created
with the region of the supplied KMS Key ARN.

If the AWS KMS Configuration is Discovery,
and no KMS Client is provided,
a new KMS Client MUST be created
with the default configuration.

### Keystore's [AWS Key Arn Compatibility](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#aws-key-arn-compatibility)

### Keystore's [GetKeyStoreInfo](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#getkeystoreinfo)

MUST detail the KMS Configuration.
If it is KMS Key ARN, it MUST include the KMS Key ARN.

> ### Keystore's [CreateKey](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#createkey) MUST
> 
> immediately fail if the KMS Configuration is NOT AWS KMS Key ARN ("static").
> 
> ### Keystore's [VersionKey](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#versionkey) MUST
> 
> immediately fail if the KMS Configuration is NOT AWS KMS Key ARN ("static").

Author: Issue/Blocking: These are wrong and need to be "strict".
```suggestion
### Keystore's [CreateKey](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#createkey) MUST

immediately fail if the KMS Configuration is NOT AWS KMS Key ARN or AWS KMS MRKey ARN ("strict").

### Keystore's [VersionKey](../../framework/branch-key-store.md#versionkey) MUST

immediately fail if the KMS Configuration is NOT AWS KMS Key ARN or AWS KMS MRKey ARN ("strict").
```

Author: Resolved in 83ca2f1
